FOUNDATION

WHAT HE LIKES:
- short answers
- Start the answer by putting the in context, explaining the context.
(the context is explaining where the question belongs to. For example: There are 3 classes of 
anonymisation, the one you are asked belongs to x and is characterized by doing this)
- 2 types of questions: textbook and problem solving => 2 ways to answer
	TEXTBOOK: short answer shows understanding and proves you know the topic.
	Problem Solving: same as for the textbook but no need for conclusion
- Show that you know the material, structure of answers:
	A. Introduction with opening sentence that puts context and specialize to get to the point
	B. Answer the question
	C. Conclusion -> own assessment about the object (give drawbacks or other options to show you mastered the mterial)

	Ex with biometrics:
	A: Caracterize someone by his knowledge, his person, ...
	B: give 3-4 different types of biometric authentication methods + their pros and cons
	C: End up with a personal conslusion on the topic.

Facebook Questions (thursday):
Go through the "guessing entropy" again.
The "levels of innocence" in the context of Crowds.
Explain the formula of "differential Privacy".
"Passwords Entropy"
"NPV"
n = years
C_0 initial Cost
B = Benefit at time t(a specific year)
C_t = Costs at time t
k = NPV at x% (k = x)
(1+k) => %benefit that you could have made investing it otherwise

IMPORTANT: try to solve the course example in the slides before thursday

Problem Solving examples:
Q: I buy 2 apples, each cost 2£, how much did I pay ?
A. To solve this problem I must use multiplication
B. 4

Important You get way more marks if you can put a context, then just the answer. The answer is good but it must really show that you know the subject.

Q: How many atempts do I need to crack this password ?
A. Give The attack approach we used and explain its process
B. Give the calculation

Important: The Problem Solvin gquestions do not need a conclusion.

Possible EXERCICES solving topics:
PASSWORDS -> calculate entropy or 
ANONIMISATION
PROBAL INNOCENCES 
NPV

